docs: add Slack link to the main ReadMe (#8388)
aws/aws-cdk: README.md

* Ask a question on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/aws-cdk)
  and tag it with `aws-cdk`
* Come join the AWS CDK community on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/awslabs/aws-cdk)

> * You'll need an invite to join the [Slack](https://awsdevelopers.slack.com) community

Reviewer: How about a slightly different wording, to make it more consistent with the Gitter one above?

```suggestion
* Talk in the CDK channel of the [AWS Developers Slack workspace](https://awsdevelopers.slack.com) (invite required)
```
